docs: Add info for prow, flakefinder and testgrid (#2825)
kubevirt/project-infra: docs/debugging-resources/org-debugging-resources.md

# KubeVirt Org debugging resources

## KubeVirt Prow

[KubeVirt Prow] is the dedicated [Prow](https://docs.prow.k8s.io/docs/overview/) instance for the KubeVirt organization.

## FlakeFinder

[FlakeFinder] reports test failures from merged code to keep false positives at a minimum.

## KubeVirt TestGrid

> In contrast to [FlakeFinder], [KubeVirt TestGrid] shows all test results from all prowjobs, including results from broken and unmerged PRs.

Reviewer: You might not want to link to FlakeFinder in this section, to help avoid accidentally stealing a click from somebody trying to read about TestGrid.

Author: Makes absolute sense, thanks!

> If no PRs get merged but there is a lot of activity the chances are high that we have more serious issues which block merges completely. They should be visible on testgrid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If no PRs get merged but there is a lot of activity, the chances are high that we have more serious issues which block merges completely. They should be visible on testgrid.
```

> If PRs are fully blocked, check testgrid and immediately inform maintainers of their projects.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If PRs are fully blocked, check testgrid and immediately inform the maintainers of the affected projects.
```
